README.md, before:

# Introduction

This is a pipeline used to compare mapping accuracies with increasing error introtuced in simulated reads.

### Usage

`simread_npmap.sh` will first simulate reads with the graph_read_simulator from Ivar Grytten. Then map the simulated reads using numpy alignments.
The program takes a file containing all running parameters, and loops over increasing error rates and different coverage. Example:
```
Error_rate_start_range:	0.101
Error_rate_max_range:	0.30
Error_rate_step:	0.001
Coverage_start_range:	2.0
Coverage_max_range:	2.0
Coverage_step_value:	2.0
```

`compare_mapping.sh` is the script comparing the mapping accuracy of the simulated reads generated by `simread_npmap.sh` to error-free reads.
The output is the amount of simulated reads map to the reference with increasing error rate. Example:
```
Matching mapping accuracy with increasing error rate. Coverage: 5.0
ErrRate	Match
0	0.9921133065022831
0.1	0.9666097792887404
0.2	0.5694007153840456
0.3	0.08741889852700763
0.4	0.003919059112034946
0.5	9.353003000352849e-05
```

Finally a simple python program `err_plt.py` plot the mapping accuracies found by `compare_mapping.sh` by error rate

[[https://github.com/dvaskil/master_project/plot_error_rates/examples/firstplot.png|alt=example]]

Commit message:

updated readme to reflect new scripts

README.md, after:

# Introduction

This is a pipeline used to compare mapping accuracies with increasing error introtuced in simulated reads.


### Usage

`simulate_reads.sh` will simulate reads with the graph_read_simulator from Ivar Grytten.


The program takes a file containing all running parameters, and loops over increasing error rates. Example:
```
Error_rate_start_range:	0.101
Error_rate_max_range:	0.30
Error_rate_step:	0.001
Coverage:	2.0
```


`vggraph_compare_mapping.sh`
`bwa_compare_mapping.sh`
`linear_compare_mapping.sh`

are scripts where the simulated reads are mapped and aligned. Then the mapped positions are compared to error-free reads.
The output is the amount of simulated reads map to the reference with increasing error rate. Example:
```
Matching mapping accuracy with increasing error rate. Coverage: 5.0
ErrRate	Match
0	0.9921133065022831
0.1	0.9666097792887404
0.2	0.5694007153840456
0.3	0.08741889852700763
0.4	0.003919059112034946
0.5	9.353003000352849e-05
```

Finally a simple python program `err_plt.py` plot the mapping accuracies found by `compare_mapping.sh` by error rate
